[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
GAUKO'S LONG DAY
[Dad yawns] Good morning.
[yelps] Ga-- Gauko!
What's wrong?
Did you have a fight with your mother?
-[roaring] No!
-[yelps]
What's going on?
I don't know. She's been like this
since she woke up this morning.
Honey, did you make her mad?
Dear, did you put your underwear
in the same laundry load as Naoko?
Y-- Yikes!! Did I do that?
Gauko! Forgive me.
I apologize, so please turn back
to Naoko!
Stop annoying me! [roars]
[birds chirping]
Hey, how can airplanes fly in the air?
It's because they're determined.
But isn't it more unusual for a pelican
to be able to fly than an airplane?
Yeah, that's true.
Oh, hey, Naoko!
Good morning!
Roar!
-Huh?
-Gauko.
[chair dragging]
-[Mr. R3] Mr. PikaHiko Kaneda.
-[KinPika] Here!
-Mr. Takashi Yamada.
-[Takashi] Here!
Ms. Naoko Watanabe.
[roars]
Huh?
-Is there a problem? [roars]
-Oh, no.
Well, there's no rule
about dinosaurs attending class.
Don't dino-discriminate me! [roars]
Oh! Yes, yes.
Let's not spew fire inside the classroom.
-[growls]
-Why is she Gauko?
-She's been like that since this morning.
-Who made her mad?
-Hey, Gauko!
-[roars]
It's awesome being classmates with you.
Can you be Gauko forever?
-Go away! [roars]
-[yelps]
-[bleeps]
-[Takashi coughs]
Don't provoke Gauko!
Is it Yamada's fault?
What is?
[Babu] Did you upset Naoko?
I don't know!
I was sick until yesterday.
When I came to school today,
she was already Gauko. It's not me.
So he has an alibi.
Then who got Naoko mad?
[all] Huh?
[bell chiming a melody]
[growl]
-Gauko... No, Naoko.
-[roars]
-I'm sorry.
-About what?
You're mad about yesterday, right?
Yesterday during lunch...
That looks good! Can I have a bite?
[chewing]
Er?
I'm sorry, Naoko.
You're mad about me taking your fried
chicken when you only had one, right?
No, not really.
I'll give you this if you forgive me.
-A hot dog.
-[Gauko roars]
Here. I'll give you the entire sausage
from my hot dog.
-Will you forgive me?
-[roars]
Don't make me out to be a glutton! [roars]
-[screams, groans]
-[hissing]
-I'm sorry, Naoko.
-[roars]
You're mad about yesterday, right?
Ninja art of being alone!
[gulps]
[yelps, screams]
Oh, no! I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry, Erika!
I-- It's okay. Not a problem at all.
I'm sorry. I actually wasn't okay,
and my face really showed it.
[roars]
To tell you the truth,
it was a new dress so I was angry.
[roars]
I know I should be more honest,
but I end up being too nice.
You got upset
because I'm two-faced, right, Naoko?
It's unforgivable, right?
I don't get mad at things like that!
Don't paint me to be someone
who lashes out at people! [roars]
[screams]
-[hissing]
-Argh...
-I'm sorry, Naoko!
-[roars]
You're angry about yesterday, right?
The best math score in the class
belongs to PikaHiko Kaneda.
Yes!
Alright! I got 95 points!
[Kana] Wow, KinPika!
[Babu] You must've cheated, babu!
[Kinpika] It's experience. [laughs]
I'm sorry. You only got eight points,
but I got 95.
That's right. You were gloating! [roars]
Yesterday, I was too shocked to be mad,
but now that I remember,
it really makes me angry!
-[roaring]
-[screams]
-[hissing]
-Oh...
[Takashi laughs] What?
Did you all get fried by Gauko?
I thought it was my fault.
But I was wrong.
We poked the hornet's nest
and now look at us.
Then who is Gauko mad at?
I don't know.
[roaring]
Is Naoko going to be Gauko forever?
Please wait!
-Ms. Naoko Watanabe!
-[roars]
What's going on?
Is Keisuke Saito going to apologize, too?
He should stop while he's ahead.
Ms. Naoko Watanabe, I have a confession.
I... I have always...
-Is he professing his love?
-It can't be!
An unexpected twist!
I've always thought...
You were a fool.
[all] Argh!
You have a weak personality
that gets swept up with emotion.
You lack the capacity
to think things through logically.
I've pointed out each of these absurdities
to you and criticized them all.
[roars]
But I finally realized that no matter
how much I criticize, you won't change!
[roars]
It's no use to lament.
You are you.
-Please stay as Gauko.
-[roars]
That's all I wanted to say.
Goodbye.
[roaring] What was that, Keisuke Saito?
You're the worst, Keisuke Saito!
[growls]
Hi, Naoko!
Why are you Gauko?
[roars]
Why don't you turn back
into your usual cute self?
[roaring]
Peli, peli... [screams] can!
[crickets chirping]
I'm home.
[Mom] Welcome home.
Still Gauko, huh?
Yes.
Naoko.
[roars]
Things can make you angry.
Actually, everything will make you angry.
That's just a part of puberty.
I'll say this one thing.
Mom and I are always on your side, Gauko.
[Mom] Oh, honey.
Whether you're Naoko or Gauko,
we will always love you.
[roars]
[gasps, coughs]
Are you alright?
[groaning]
-[gasps]
-[Mom] Naoko!
Yes!
A fish bone from yesterday's dinner
was stuck in my throat.
It was really irritating me,
but it finally came out!
-[Dad] What!
-I feel so much better!
That was the reason?
Well, all's well that ends well.
[Dad] That's true. Everything is fine.
-[all laughing]
-[Dad] Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit!
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪